feat: include local dirty changes by default. fixes #184 (#520)
copier-org/copier: CHANGELOG.md

-   Raise a CopierAnswersInterrupt instead of a bare KeyboardInterrupt to provide
    callers with additional context - such as the partially completed AnswersMap.
-   Support for `user_defaults`, which take precedence over template defaults.

> -   Copies dirty changes from template to subdirectory by default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   Copy dirty changes from a git-tracked template to the project by default, to make testing easier.
```
